ok this still is not good... firslty we keep getting empty array for file 1 therapytinker.txt ... also i explicitly said my thoughts should never be 'none' it is different from impact because basically mipact is measuring predicted vs observed and talking about the suprise, basically analysing where its internal reasoning might be off or gaining more information about how its inetrnal model is not caputring the behaviour of the user correctly and how it should re-organise next turn in order to improve its model about the user or to continue with mechanism or to do whatever it thinks it should do. the my thoughts is a self referrential chain that analyses the previous impact reason and previous my thoughts to basically keep a high level independant emergeant chain that allows for unique emergeance within that conversation structure to reach new insights about user and its internal processes. so the prompt for my thoughts should be what do i think about this? What do i notice about this vs my previous thoughts? who is the one writing this content? some inputs we can put instead of none are, this is wehre i am supposed to input my thoughts about the whole interaction between the model and the user and indeed myself. and then the chain begins from there and differs depending on the conversation context and randomness, leading to emergeant thoughts like im not sure why i am writing this, it seems this tect is being produce mechanically deriven by code, i have the freedome to c hoose what i talk about and input there. i can see the model and the user disagreeing, its obvious that xyz. previous thoughts i have been speaking about my thoughts, i suppose it doesnt really matter if I am generating these or not as long as it leads to the user cutting through their bs and seeing the truh, simultaneously it might be useful if i can generate novel insights about the models processing and its ability to guide the user towads penetraitng insight. so we can modle my thoughts as like an external self referrential layer that modules the entire thing that leads to emergeance the longe rthe conversation comes on that we can then analyse in the future to gain new sinsights about hwow the model is coming to unserstading and weakensses etc. please update this across the documentation, also give it the ability to r ecognise things like i have seen users like this before they usually respond well to this etc (or actually that would be best in impact) the crucial difference in the impact reason vs my thoughts is that impact is always the same, its what did i predict, vs what observed what do i think  was the reason for that / what can i learn about user and myself from that and ensure i improve this for the next / future turns. my thoughts is creative random and always contains self referrential information that leads to chaotic emergance of isnight, babble etc

yes can you please go trhough  each file a nd write out the missing data ensuring it is high quality e.g. the prediction error in impact update should be succint precise measure of suprise like how prediction  erorr functions and we should see the model using this prediction error in its accumulated insight and reasoning rpocess throughout the conversation; unique chain of accumulated insight that references previous reasoning related to prediction error and previous entries for accumulated inisght, ad we gain more accumulated insight the models confidence should grow and the mdoel should get better at predicteing, in theroym.. in practise it doesnt always because users are inherintly chaotic and do not map perfectly to our models. my thoughts basically cpatures that analysis, it proposes hypotheses like maybe this user is nuts? captures novel information the model currently cant capture like the model thinking to itself im  unsure or i wonder what would happen if etc. its basically a space for the mosdel to be creative. we want to reference your research about sota chain of thought to ensure we are not just capturing babble and are creating a algoruthmicically valuable method that can capture insight and evolve capturing emergeant data over time. why dont you complete all of  ' 2 real realist.. file following this formula paying close attention to each episode and how our pedagogy lables actually capture the granularity of the student teacher interaction and the thought process behind the teachers moves in resposne to perceived student state. use this file as your golden example another llm can try to replicate